[Music]
welcome to story flicks
in this video we will explain a chinese
movie beauty tribe
this film is about a playboy who was
dumped by his girlfriends in the desert
he is then captured by a beauty tribe
benfett is a toyboy of the young beauty
queen
his mission is to make the queen get
pregnant and escape from the terrible
tribe
will he successfully escape from the
beauty tribe let's find out together
on beauty tribe beauty tribe begins by
showing a handsome young man named ji
who
ji who himself is a playboy who has many
girlfriends
at that time jihu was with his
girlfriend in his bedroom
the two of them decided to have some fun
while jihu and his girlfriend were
making out his cell phone suddenly rang
turns out it was one of his other
girlfriends calling his girlfriend
wanted to meet jihoo too
finally xi who quickly left and go to
his other girlfriend's house
but when she who arrived at his second
girlfriend's house he was confused
because the house looked very dark and
empty
while in the living room je who was so
excited when he saw his second
girlfriend come downstairs wearing very
sexy clothes
his second girlfriend then seduces xihu
into having some fun differently
ji who was then tied to the bed but
instead of having fun
his second girlfriend took a baseball
bat and beat him until he passed out
gee who then anchored himself in a
desert he was so shocked that he could
be in such a secluded place
especially when he woke up without
wearing clothes in his trouser pocket
jee who finds a condom and photos of his
four girlfriends
he did not expect that the four women
turned out to be friends
it turned out that when the four
girlfriends were together they showed
each other photos of their boyfriends
unexpectedly it turns out that their
boyfriend is the same
namely xi hu so the four made a plan to
take revenge on jihoo
ji who then walked alone in the middle
of the vast desert
he tried to find help but no matter how
hard he screamed
no one came to help him dying in thirsty
state
suddenly xi who could see a pond he
immediately ran to drink water in the
pond
but it turned out to be all just his
hallucination she who then burst into
tears and despair
suddenly several women came up to him
wearing ancient clothes and carrying
spears
ji who then approached the woman sitting
on the horse and removed her veil
because of his impudence xi who was
immediately hit by one of the bodyguards
until he fell
unconscious jihoo was then tied to a
stick and taken to the women's
headquarters
he was then put in a cage like a jail
for days xi who was confined in the
wooden prison until finally a man came
and gave him food
it turned out that the man who gave him
this food was professor zhang who was
also a slave just like ji hoo
professor zhang said that he was caught
by a squad of women from the halibut
tribe while researching the desert
professor zhang said that the halibu
women's tribe would hold a sacrificial
ceremony tomorrow
one of the slaves they kidnap will be
sacrificed at the ceremony
finally professor zhang left ji hu
the female soldiers began to bring the
men they had captured to be sacrificed
at the sacrifice ceremony
they were then herded together one of
them is xi hu
then the ceremony began one of the women
started to do the dance
each male prisoner's pants were removed
and checked for their willy
if their willy is small it will be cut
then it was je who's turn
but the women were so amazed when they
saw the enormous willy of xi who's
finally thanks to his enormous willy xi
who was now chosen to be the husband of
the queen of the tribe
ji who then met the queen xi who was so
aggressive because he liked women so
much
however his aggressive behavior was not
favored by the queen
so he had to be punished jihoo was then
put on the ground
and stabbed in his buttocks with a stick
the next day professor zhang took jihoo
to see a shaman in the halibut tribe
the shaman explained to zee who that he
was now the slave of the queen
he was given three months to make the
queen pregnant
if the queen is not pregnant then she
who will be killed
professor zhang and ji who then left ji
who started asking
if he would be released if he succeeded
in getting the queen pregnant
but professor zhang's answer was
surprising according to him
when the queen's baby is born then ji
who will be killed
so no matter what ji who did he would
still be killed
professor zhang then took jihoo to a
market many male slaves were being
traded in the market
xi who can see a lot of women who
gathered to bid on the men
the slaves that were bought would be
made to satisfy the lust of the women in
the tribe
at that time two women were fighting
over a man so to determine who managed
to own the man
the two women had to fight to death
one night a warrior chief reported to
the queen that their rival taste tribe
was about to attack
the chief soldier also asked permission
to attack the taste tribe however the
queen actually forbade it
because she did not want a war between
the two tribes the queen then looked
dizzy
and she who realized this immediately
approached her and tried to treat her
gee who began to massage the queen's
feet and unexpectedly
the massage was excellent and liked by
the queen
happy with xi who's service the queen
finally granted any request from him
ji who then asked for a house the next
day ji hoo and professor zhang began to
look busy cleaning their new home
they plan to build a beauty salon for
the tribal people
the goal is to get sympathizers from the
residents so that they can escape
easily from the place jihoo and
professor zhang did not expect their
beauty salon to sell well
and become a favorite place of the
halibu people in addition
xi who also provided many special
services for the queen
and made her happy ji who then expressed
his love for the queen
unfortunately the queen does not know
love and does not understand xi who's
flirting
suddenly from outside came a voice
asking the queen for help
outside they were so shocked to find a
girl from the holiba tribe who had
fainted
it turned out that the girl had fallen
into a well
she who then volunteered to help the
girl at first
the residents didn't trust him but
finally the queen gave
jihu a chance to help the girl
unexpectedly
he managed to save the girl and made
everyone admire him so much
the next day so many women began to come
to zee-hoo
and they brought him a necklace made of
flowers finally
je who managed to make all the residents
of the halibut tribe-like and respect
him
that night one of the prisoners had an
evil idea
he put poison into the well so that all
the residents of the halibut tribe died
of poisoning
meanwhile jihoo and professor zhang were
already planning to escape the next day
when the queen and her soldiers checked
the borders
the next day the queen and her soldiers
finally went to check the border
but it turned out that je who was also
brought along
but on the way suddenly the taste tribe
appeared and attacked them
the queen and her soldiers went to avoid
attacks from the tay stripe
it turns out that je who and the queen
managed to survive
and hide in a cave that night the queen
told je who
that there were two tribes on the island
namely the halibut tribe and the taste
tribe
all of which were male the two tribes
continued to fight every year until one
day
a man named osa came osa came riding a
white horse
and persuaded the two tribal chiefs to
make peace finally
thanks to osa the two tribes promised to
live in peace
however according to the queen the taste
tribe had begun to break their agreement
and tried hard to attack the halibut
tribe
after telling the story the queen and xi
who were making out accompanied by a
bonfire
that night the head of the taste tribe
was already planning to attack the
halibut tribe
when jihu and the queen arrived the next
day they saw that many people had died
from poisoning from well water
they also realized that the tastes were
coming to attack and now they were short
of soldiers
so the queen ordered to release the
captives so that they could help when
the war broke out
professor zhang was caught while trying
to escape
professor zhang then said that jihoo
should have met him at the border
because they were already planning to
run away together
hearing this the queen who had initially
fallen in love with xi who
was very sad and disappointed jihoo and
professor zhang were eventually exiled
in the desert and left to die there
it was then that ji hu and professor
zhang saw the soldiers of the taste
tribe who were about to attack the
halibut tribe
realizing this ji who panicked and
decided to return to help the queen in
the halibut tribe
but professor zhang disagreed so the two
got into an argument
the tase finally succeeded in invading
the halibut tribe
because the number of soldiers was too
few the halibut tribe was finally
defeated by the taste tribe
the tace warriors eventually kidnapped
the women of the huliba tribe
and made them slaves professor zhang
returned to save one of the halibut
tribesmen
but he was beaten until he fainted when
the tastes were celebrating because they
had conquered the halibut tribe
suddenly xi who came riding a white
horse just like the osa in the queen's
story
jihoo says he came back because he loved
the queen nan came to save her
je who finally challenged the king of
the taste tribe
the two had a fierce duel but because he
wasn't good at fighting
je who had to be beaten easily however
ji who didn't give up easily
with all his might he finally won the
battle and killed the king of the taste
tribe finally after winning the fight
the halibut tribe won and partied
professor zhang was even idolized by the
women of the halibut tribe
the residents then looked busy
performing the sacrificial ceremony
unexpectedly the victim was je who it
turns out that
as professor zhang once told if the
queen managed to conceive and would give
birth to a child
then the man who impregnated her must be
sacrificed so she who had to be executed
in fact the queen had given jihu an
opportunity to leave by pretending to
drive him into the desert
unfortunately je who returned he is now
has to meet his death as a sacrifice for
the halibut tribe ceremony
[Music]
you